# Checkpoint

`Date: 3 April 2023`
In my previous post 2 months back, I mentioned that I'll write 1 blog post every 15 days. Clearly, I haven't been able to keep that promise to myself. I wrote 
'When starting a new habit, I believe that just 'showing up' makes a lot of difference in quality and bolsters confidence in self which is quite visible, 
but only in retrospect.' which makes me laugh on myself :laughing:, although I still believe it. 

Reasons:
1. Didn't allocate any specific time for writing
2. I read about various things but didn't capture the essence of any of them so whenever I thought of writing, I had very less content.

Now, I will review my week every Saturday where I will mainly focus on how I can make the next week better and write the learnings as a post every alternate week.
I'll try to write essence of any text righ after I finish reading it, which I think will help me in solving the 2nd reason stated above. 

### A couple of ideas
1. I can think of building a ChatGPT plugin/extension for the abovementioned use case which will summarize all those unrelated, independant 'essences' topic-wise. 
Simply, while reading I'll write/copy-paste/speak in the app a sentence I find interesting. This app will basically be the 'knowledge lake' from where the AI will pick 
up data and create logical sounding summaries into containers. I will review them and post as a blog. 
2. Another idea which came to my mind is creating a session based Wi-Fi in the area I'm living at. By 'session' I mean any person can use the routers (which must 
be setup in the area) to connect to Wi-Fi for unlimited data access for some specific duration called session (say, 1 day). The session gets activated on payment
by the user. I'm not sure if this is even a problem to other people here and how feasible it will be to create the solution but I definitely felt it when my mobile data didn't work/daily plan got finished.
Why I think this can work in this area (Jia Sarai, Delhi) is that most people here presumably use fixed data/day plan so streaming HD/4K videos for long times won't be possible.
Also, this would be very good for those who doesn't want to invest in a router but sometimes wants to watch/download large items.
