# Hyperfast AI growth

`6 May 2023`

I'm a huge fan of ingenious products and the businesses which created them and will create one myself in the future.
However, whenever I read about new big advances in AI, it gives me a little sense of pessimism about the future of humanity. Same thought when I saw Blade Runner 2049 this week.
I wonder, the speed with which AI development and research is progressing in all fronts among all industries, how *quality of life* in general will be after a couple of decades or 
more, with huge advancements in healthcare, education, the way businesses work and all sorts of factors. Secondly, how would *quality of individual* life will 
be with so many jobs automated, will we see a decrease in ‘meaning of life’ among people, most people being lazy and dependent (Universal Basic Income as ideated by Yuval
Noah Harari) on the ones on the top (still true today but not for the ‘most’ and not so bad)? I think only the highly ambitious people will be able to stay on top because of their adaptability. I've so many questions and so much to read 
and do, but I'm not at all utilizing my time in a disciplined manner. I want to position myself well to be able to work on the right problems with the right people. 

### Thoughts:
1. [This](https://samwho.dev/load-balancing/) load balancer explainer proves the importance of visualization and is also a good analogy to explain how a product 
evolves over time. Here's where the importance of a great team comes into play. The product will improve quickly.
2. I realized the need of urgency (how I sped up the work and got more things done from 28 April because the conference date is nearer, also wrote a daily schedule to actually get things done) on dealing with a project which I only felt when the deadline approached. This is maybe similar to what Snowflake CEO, Frank Slootman suggests in his book Amp It Up. I haven't yet read it so will comment again on this once I do. 
3. My work flaw: researched more this month and implemented very less. Didn't follow the 'ship fast, iterate fast' method of building a product as mentioned by 
Eric Ries in The Lean Startup.
4. Steve jobs' Make something wonderful book: "If Apple just becomes a place where computers are a commodity item and where the romance is gone, and where people forget that computers are the most incredible invention that man has ever invented, then I'll feel I have lost Apple". This sentence says a lot about his approach towards making products. On reading this book, I'm convinced that a company’s performance is highly dependent on how determined the leader is and how well he keeps the promises made to himself. 
A product is a reflection of its creator.

### Idea:
I wanted to buy milk and the regular shop I buy from had stocked out, another shop owner heard and came towards me and informed me that his shop had milk. I went there and bought it. 
Simple and effective. Today's marketing feels like lots of posters and messages all around but 0 real-time personalization. I think it'd be hugely great to have the similar 
kind of marketing as I described above. Ex: went to a shop to buy something, my phone hears my request and figures out what I want, by the time I leave the store, it 
gives me a couple of options which are nearby from the location where that thing is available with all its details (*x* is available at *y* meters from you at *z* price).
This is implemented by Instagram pretty well but doing it for physical stores would be interesting.
