# Opportunities and solo travel

`Date: 19 April 2023`  
In the previous post I mentioned about the ChatGPT plugin idea I had. While scrolling twitter, I came across 'rewindai' which is very similar to my idea. Quoting their website, 'Rewind records anything you’ve seen, said, or heard and makes it searchable'. It essentially tracks whatever you do on your device and lets you search through it. This clearly raises privacy concerns, I haven't used their product so I don't know much about that part but the idea sounds very cool. Using the data they've collected, they can provide analysis to people which lets them know their working pattern; when they're the most active, when they get the most work done, when they are the laziest etc. This information can be integrated with their calendar which would help them prioritze meetings/code sprints/etc.  

### Thoughts
1. I felt the importance of being in an environment relevant to your goals. I felt 0 awkwardness (I'm a kind of person who feels a little awkward in doing things which I generally don't) while bringing a print of the ‘Calculus made easy’ book because everyone here is staying here to study so almost everyone has a book in their hand. On the other hand it would've been awkward to bring my own car in this area because since everyone is a student, almost none has a car of their own. Now this made me curious to know why Silicon Valley’s environment is great for startups and companies.  
2. Most people are so involved in their day to day work that they don’t even have time to focus on the bigger picture and self-improvement. This leads to a (maybe 30 degrees, idk) linear self improvement graph which in turn makes the entire organization slow. It is the job, and a very important one, of the leader to design the culture and tasks such that it induces the thought of keep improving oneself. I got this thought by seeing the manager at my current lab working hard every day, but 100% of the work is what the leaders have specifically asked him to do. So all the creativity and innovations would only consist of ideas by the leaders and none by the team.  

### Opportunities
I'm currently interning at IITD, one of the best engineering institutions of India. I've never really worked 'hard' until now so I've accepted all the different kinds of projects been offered to me. My main project is in the field of cybersecurity, I've recently started working on 3 (ML and robotics) other projects as kind of a helping hand (unpaid, ofc) under different PhD students. My goal is to make the most out of these opportunities, complete them before time with high quality output. This boils down to setting up a great schedule which takes into consideration the Parkinson's law (work expands to fill the time allotted for its completion) and work in a manner which avoids burnout. I have all the time right now and 0 responsibilities.  
> “To each there comes in their lifetime a special moment when they are figuratively tapped on the shoulder and offered the chance to do a very special thing, unique to them and fitted to their talents. What a tragedy if that moment finds them unprepared or unqualified for that which could have been their finest hour.” - Winston Churchill  
### Solo travel
As part of the cybersecurity project I mentioned above, I'm going to visit US to attend a conference exactly 1 month from today. After the conference ends, I'll be travelling solo for 12 days. I can enroll myself in a tour package but I really prefer autonomy and my alone time. I've decided to give 40 minutes a day to research and prepare a great itinerary. Let's see how it goes.
