# Feedback

`3 July 2024`

I just completed my last internship at India where I worked on an anomaly detection problem, using resnet and similarity search. My boss was very knowledgeable in image processing and this is the feedback he gave on my last day.
"Improve focus and work quality. Understand your code deeply. Approach towards a problem is good". 
This feedback is very important to me as this is the first one I have ever received for my work. 

### 2 years. 100 weeks. 700 days. 16800 hours.
dhairya, you are going to nyc in a month. the best city in the world. the next few years will define your life. you are the epicenter of all the action. take advantage. actively participate in events. put in so many hours every day. do multiple things. top the class. be active in a club. hackathons. build your body like a greek god. nothing will come to you. you'll have to go and get it. all success stories have roots planted during exactly this time of their lives. the following 2 year period is probably the most important of my life. don't waste a single moment. don't look this time as a block of 2 years. you have 100 weeks. 700 days. put in the hours. you keep thinking you need a mentor, a guide and all that shit. no. there's a single advice you need to follow. work like hell. follow a great schedule. make every week significant. track goals every week. achieve most of them. goal for next summer is getting a top notch internship. Prepare for it. how?. get cracked. be the most knowledgeable in that. build awesome projects. create things. in india i slacked every day. wasted all my time. lied and doom scrolled. don't waste time there. 0. you will be invincible. life is a competition of alpha males. the winner is the one who works the most. constantly. for many years. no distraction. focus like a warrior. work till your brain hurts. sweat more during practice, bleed less during war. this 16800 hours are my last practice period. then war begins.
